README.md, before:

# redakto-surrogate-collection

This repository contains a collection of surrogate datasets from different sources, with a goal to facilitate development of better NER-PG models and manual lookup tables based pseudonymization tools.

## Datasets

The following surrogate datasets are included in this collection:

1. **fakenamegenerator.com**: A dataset of fake names of different entity types generated from the website [fakenamegenerator.com](https://www.fakenamegenerator.com/).

2. **github-elenanereiss**: A dataset of entity names collected from the GitHub repository [Legal-Entity-Recognition](https://github.com/elenanereiss/Legal-Entity-Recognition). The gazetteers directory includes multiple collections of different types of entities, including personennamen.list, stadtnamen.list, strassennamen.list and firmennamen.list etc.

3. **chatgpt**: A dataset of entity names generated by ChatGPT with simple prompts. ChatGPT used the following sources to compile the list - 

- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category%3AGerman-language_masculine_given_names
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category%3AGerman_masculine_given_names
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most_popular_given_names
- https://nameberry.com/popular-names/germany
- https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Category%3AGerman_male_given_names
- https://heraldry.sca.org/names/germmasc.html

Commit message:

RDKSC-01: Add collection generated by Grok

README.md, after:

# redakto-surrogate-collection

This repository contains a collection of surrogate datasets from different sources, with a goal to facilitate development of better NER-PG models and manual lookup tables based pseudonymization tools.

## Datasets

The following surrogate datasets are included in this collection:

1. **fakenamegenerator.com**: A dataset of fake names of different entity types generated from the website [fakenamegenerator.com](https://www.fakenamegenerator.com/).

2. **github-elenanereiss**: A dataset of entity names collected from the GitHub repository [Legal-Entity-Recognition](https://github.com/elenanereiss/Legal-Entity-Recognition). The gazetteers directory includes multiple collections of different types of entities, including personennamen.list, stadtnamen.list, strassennamen.list and firmennamen.list etc.

3. **chatgpt**: A dataset of entity names generated by ChatGPT with simple prompts. ChatGPT used the following sources to compile the lists - 

- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category%3AGerman-language_masculine_given_names
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category%3AGerman_masculine_given_names
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most_popular_given_names
- https://nameberry.com/popular-names/germany
- https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Category%3AGerman_male_given_names
- https://heraldry.sca.org/names/germmasc.html

4. **grok**: A dataset of entity names generated by Grok with prompts, following is the list of some of the sources Grok used to compile the lists - 

- https://blog.reedsy.com/character-name-generator/language/german/
- https://www.fantasynamegenerators.com/old-high-german-names.php
- https://mythopedia.com/name-generator/german-names/
- https://byrdnash.com/german-name-generator/
- https://m.scabard.com/world-building/place/language/german/fantasy/name-generator
- https://donjon.bin.sh/fantasy/name/
- https://capitalizemytitle.com/name-generator/german/
- https://www.vondy.com/medieval-german-name-generator--LpHGaU7n
- https://github.com/skeeto/fantasyname
- https://www.pampers.com/en-us/pregnancy/baby-names/article/german-boy-names
- https://www.reddit.com/r/namenerds/comments/13cnam0/most_popular_names_in_germany_2022/
- https://fungenerators.com/random/name/german
- https://heraldry.sca.org/names/germmasc.html
- https://www.mumsnet.com/talk/baby_names/4385433-German-and-English-boys-names
- https://nameberry.com/popular-names/germany
- https://www.behindthename.com/bb/baby/3831676
- https://www.behindthename.com/random/
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_the_most_common_surnames_in_Germany
- https://support.ancestry.com/s/article/Common-German-Last-Names
- https://www.familyeducation.com/baby-names/surname/origin/german
